ffi-opengl
    by Andrea Fazzi
    http://github.com/remogatto/ffi-opengl/

== DESCRIPTION:

ffi-opengl is a ruby FFI interface towards OpenGL libraries (GL, GLU,
GLUT) autogenerated using ffi-swig-generator (see LINKS below). The
FFI layer ensures compatibility among all Ruby implementation that
support it. At the moment, this means that you can run the same
ffi-opengl script with MRI Ruby and JRuby (not tested on rubinius).

ffi-opengl API aims to be a 1:1 tranposition of the OpenGL C API: so
don't expect idiomatic ruby inside!

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

* Full [auto-generated] wrap of the OpenGL libraries.

* JRuby 1.3.0 compatible.

* No need of opengl development libraries.

* No compilation needed (once you have ruby-ffi installed or you are
  using JRuby).

* Not yet tested on windows platform.

== SYNOPSIS:

See the example in 'examples/' folder. For the API documentation
please refer to OpenGL reference pages.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* ffi >= 0.3.0
* OpenGL libraries >= 1.2

== DOWNLOAD/INSTALL:

Install from gemcutter

  [sudo] gem install ffi-opengl

Clone and install from github:

  git clone http://github.com/remogatto/ffi-opengl.git
  rake gem:install

== LINKS:

1. http://github.com/ffi/ffi-swig-generator

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Andrea Fazzi

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
